Update to readme. (#11)
coveooss/lwc-coveobot: README.md

This is important for unauthenticated users in order to keep matching the current chatbot session with the other actions on the community for example.

For authenticated users, read this scenario explaining how Coveo handles [user stitching for authenticated users](https://docs.coveo.com/en/3297/coveo-machine-learning/understanding-user-stitching#scenario-5).

### Give your users access to the Apex class

> If your chatbot is exposed to guest users (users who are not logged in), you must make sure that your Guest User has access to the Apex class LWCEndpointController. You may do this through the Community Builder. [This Salesforce critical update](https://releasenotes.docs.salesforce.com/en-us/winter20/release-notes/rn_lc_restrict_apex_guest_users.htm) introduced a requirement to give all guest users access to Apex classes containing @auraenabled methods that they must interact with. More details in this [Knowledge Article](https://connect.coveo.com/s/article/5770).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your chatbot is exposed to guest users (users who are not logged in), ensure that your guest users have access to the `LWCEndpointController` Apex class. Use the Salesforce Experience Builder to perform this verification and provide access, if necessary. [This Salesforce critical update](https://releasenotes.docs.salesforce.com/en-us/winter20/release-notes/rn_lc_restrict_apex_guest_users.htm) introduced a requirement to give all guest users access to Apex classes containing `@auraenabled` methods that they must interact with. More details in this [Knowledge Article](https://connect.coveo.com/s/article/5770).
```
